listen to me you who follow after
listen to me you who follow after righteousness you who seek the Lord look
righteousness you who seek the Lord look
righteousness you who seek the Lord look to the rock from which you were hewn and
to the rock from which you were hewn and
to the rock from which you were hewn and to the hole of the pit from which you
to the hole of the pit from which you
to the hole of the pit from which you were dug look to Abraham your father and
were dug look to Abraham your father and
were dug look to Abraham your father and to Sarah who bore you for I called him
to Sarah who bore you for I called him
to Sarah who bore you for I called him alone and blessed him and increased him
alone and blessed him and increased him
alone and blessed him and increased him for the Lord will comfort Zion he will
for the Lord will comfort Zion he will
for the Lord will comfort Zion he will comfort all her waste places he will
comfort all her waste places he will
comfort all her waste places he will make her wilderness like Eden and her
make her wilderness like Eden and her
make her wilderness like Eden and her desert like the Garden of the Lord joy
desert like the Garden of the Lord joy
desert like the Garden of the Lord joy and gladness will be found in it
and gladness will be found in it
and gladness will be found in it Thanksgiving and the voice of melody
Thanksgiving and the voice of melody
Thanksgiving and the voice of melody listen to me my people and give ear to
listen to me my people and give ear to
listen to me my people and give ear to me own my nation for law will proceed
me own my nation for law will proceed
me own my nation for law will proceed from me and I will make my Justice rest
from me and I will make my Justice rest
from me and I will make my Justice rest as a light of the peoples my
as a light of the peoples my
as a light of the peoples my righteousness is near my salvation has
righteousness is near my salvation has
righteousness is near my salvation has gone forth and my arms will judge the
gone forth and my arms will judge the
gone forth and my arms will judge the people's the coastlands will wait upon
people's the coastlands will wait upon
people's the coastlands will wait upon me and on my arm they will trust lift up
me and on my arm they will trust lift up
me and on my arm they will trust lift up your eyes to the heavens and look on the
your eyes to the heavens and look on the
your eyes to the heavens and look on the earth beneath for the heavens will
earth beneath for the heavens will
earth beneath for the heavens will vanish away like smoke the earth will
vanish away like smoke the earth will
vanish away like smoke the earth will grow old like a garment and those who
grow old like a garment and those who
grow old like a garment and those who dwell in it will die in like manner but
dwell in it will die in like manner but
dwell in it will die in like manner but my salvation will be for ever and my
my salvation will be for ever and my
my salvation will be for ever and my righteousness will not be abolished
righteousness will not be abolished
righteousness will not be abolished listen to me you who know righteousness
listen to me you who know righteousness
listen to me you who know righteousness you people in whose heart is my law do
you people in whose heart is my law do
you people in whose heart is my law do not fear the reproach of men nor be
not fear the reproach of men nor be
not fear the reproach of men nor be afraid of their insults for the moth
afraid of their insults for the moth
afraid of their insults for the moth will eat them up like a garment and the
will eat them up like a garment and the
will eat them up like a garment and the worm will eat them like wall but my
worm will eat them like wall but my
worm will eat them like wall but my righteousness will be forever and my
righteousness will be forever and my
righteousness will be forever and my salvation from generation to generation
awake awake put on strength o arm of the
awake awake put on strength o arm of the Lord awake as in the ancient days in the
Lord awake as in the ancient days in the
Lord awake as in the ancient days in the generations of old are you not the arm
generations of old are you not the arm
generations of old are you not the arm that cut Rahab apart and wounded the
that cut Rahab apart and wounded the
that cut Rahab apart and wounded the serpent are you not the one who dried up
serpent are you not the one who dried up
serpent are you not the one who dried up the sea the waters of the great deep
the sea the waters of the great deep
the sea the waters of the great deep that made the depths of the sea a road
that made the depths of the sea a road
that made the depths of the sea a road for the redeemed to cross over
for the redeemed to cross over
for the redeemed to cross over so the ransomed of the Lord shall return
so the ransomed of the Lord shall return
so the ransomed of the Lord shall return and come to Zion with singing with
and come to Zion with singing with
and come to Zion with singing with everlasting joy on their heads they
everlasting joy on their heads they
everlasting joy on their heads they shall obtain joy and gladness sorrow and
shall obtain joy and gladness sorrow and
shall obtain joy and gladness sorrow and sighing shall flee away I even I am he
sighing shall flee away I even I am he
sighing shall flee away I even I am he who comforts you who are you that you
who comforts you who are you that you
who comforts you who are you that you should be afraid of a man who will die
should be afraid of a man who will die
should be afraid of a man who will die and of the son of a man who will be made
and of the son of a man who will be made
and of the son of a man who will be made like grass and you forget the Lord your
like grass and you forget the Lord your
like grass and you forget the Lord your maker who stretched out the heavens and
maker who stretched out the heavens and
maker who stretched out the heavens and laid the foundations of the earth
laid the foundations of the earth
laid the foundations of the earth you have feared continually every day
you have feared continually every day
you have feared continually every day because of the fury of the oppressor
because of the fury of the oppressor
because of the fury of the oppressor when he has prepared to destroy and
when he has prepared to destroy and
when he has prepared to destroy and where is the fury of the oppressor the
where is the fury of the oppressor the
where is the fury of the oppressor the captive exile hastens that he may be
captive exile hastens that he may be
captive exile hastens that he may be loosed that he should not die in the pit
loosed that he should not die in the pit
loosed that he should not die in the pit and that his bread should not fail
and that his bread should not fail
and that his bread should not fail but I am the Lord your God who divided
but I am the Lord your God who divided
but I am the Lord your God who divided the sea whose waves roared the Lord of
the sea whose waves roared the Lord of
the sea whose waves roared the Lord of Hosts is his name and I have put my
Hosts is his name and I have put my
Hosts is his name and I have put my words in your mouth I have covered you
words in your mouth I have covered you
words in your mouth I have covered you with the shadow of my hand that I may
with the shadow of my hand that I may
with the shadow of my hand that I may plan to the heavens lay the foundations
plan to the heavens lay the foundations
plan to the heavens lay the foundations of the earth and say to Zion you are my
of the earth and say to Zion you are my
of the earth and say to Zion you are my people awake awake
people awake awake
people awake awake stand up o Jerusalem you who have drunk
stand up o Jerusalem you who have drunk
stand up o Jerusalem you who have drunk at the hand of the Lord the cup of his
at the hand of the Lord the cup of his
at the hand of the Lord the cup of his fury you have drunk the dregs of the cup
fury you have drunk the dregs of the cup
fury you have drunk the dregs of the cup of trembling and drained it out there is
of trembling and drained it out there is
of trembling and drained it out there is no one to guide her among all the sons
no one to guide her among all the sons
no one to guide her among all the sons she has brought forth nor is there any
she has brought forth nor is there any
she has brought forth nor is there any who takes her by the hand
who takes her by the hand
who takes her by the hand among all the sons she has brought up
among all the sons she has brought up
among all the sons she has brought up these two things have come to you who
these two things have come to you who
these two things have come to you who will be sorry for you desolation and
will be sorry for you desolation and
will be sorry for you desolation and destruction famine and sword by whom
destruction famine and sword by whom
destruction famine and sword by whom will I comfort you your sons have
will I comfort you your sons have
will I comfort you your sons have fainted they lie at the head of all the
fainted they lie at the head of all the
fainted they lie at the head of all the streets like an antelope in a net they
streets like an antelope in a net they
streets like an antelope in a net they are full of the fury of the Lord the
are full of the fury of the Lord the
are full of the fury of the Lord the rebuke of your God therefore please hear
rebuke of your God therefore please hear
rebuke of your God therefore please hear this you afflicted and drunk but not
this you afflicted and drunk but not
this you afflicted and drunk but not with wine thus says your Lord the Lord
with wine thus says your Lord the Lord
with wine thus says your Lord the Lord and your God who pleads the cause of his
and your God who pleads the cause of his
and your God who pleads the cause of his people see I have taken out of your hand
people see I have taken out of your hand
people see I have taken out of your hand the cup of trembling
the cup of trembling
the cup of trembling the dregs of the cup of my fury you
the dregs of the cup of my fury you
the dregs of the cup of my fury you shall no longer drink it but I will put
shall no longer drink it but I will put
shall no longer drink it but I will put it into the hand of those who afflict
it into the hand of those who afflict
it into the hand of those who afflict you who have said to you lie down that
you who have said to you lie down that
you who have said to you lie down that we may walk over you and you have laid
we may walk over you and you have laid
we may walk over you and you have laid your body like the ground and as the
your body like the ground and as the
your body like the ground and as the street for those who walk over